but either internet people let's bow
down so it's d-day the day of days today
we commemorate pretty much every year in
the US we talk about it we'd love to
glorify know and it makes sense on some
levels was a turning point the country
the people who saw it were witnesses to
history they saw the United States
really become a superpower because if
you had to pick a day that's the day it
happened they saw the day that the new
world began to exert some influence over
the old in a very tangible way and
that's all fine and good but what do we
actually know about d-daddy
not as much as you might think we don't
even know how many we lost there's no
clear number on that because it was a
mess it was a jumble the accounts from D
to a and D a plus 1 plus 2 and so on
they all just kind of blurred together
this important moment and we don't even
know how many we lost what do we
actually know about d-day why is it such
a major event in American consciousness
that image that image of thousands upon
thousands of Americans throwing
themselves into the grinder to oppose
tyranny and injustice that's an American
thing
I think it's fitting that this mess this
jumble that we're currently in is
occurring now because it's thousands
upon thousands of Americans throwing
themselves into the grinder to oppose
injustice and tyranny it is a turning
point if we're smart enough to allow it
to be we are witnesses to history and I
know I know they should have done it
better they should have had a leader
like Martin Luther King yeah maybe maybe
but see the thing is Martin Luther King
he was the catalyst in a lot of ways he
built the civil rights movement but his
most important contribution from where
I'm sitting was getting the message out
letting everybody know what the
grievances were getting it into the
mainstream so people who looked and
sounded like me got it at least a little
bit if they listened but at the same
time I would like to point out that
other things were going on during the
civil rights movement you might want to
google the long hot summer in relation
to civil rights rather than the movie
and as you read about it maybe ask
yourself why that part isn't in your
history book
but yeah they need a leader somebody who
could do that somebody would make people
listen get attention enter the public
narrative get people talking about it
they had that they had that now granted
he was no Martin Luther King nobody saw
him as such a threat that they looked at
him through a scope but people certainly
did it to his character football man
didn't stand for the magic song I gotta
go burn my Nikes now he burned your
Nikes then he had issues with it then
all of this is your fault
because you could have listened to that
he got it out into the public narrative
he got it into the conversation not many
wanted to listen even fewer wanted act
and then after that after that when
people who you may have a sticker on
your car saying that you support them
the sergeant major in the army the Joint
Chiefs when they issued statement saying
the exact same thing that we need to
listen no no they've gone soft and then
when those soldiers take a knee well
that's just horrible when they take a
knee and listen that's a bad thing
because they need a leader
they 12% of the population needs a
leader in a country where it takes fifty
percent to do anything they need a
leader not us
you know there's our stereotypes
entitled and lazy we won't even clean up
our own mess the system that creates the
injustice is a system of our creation
it's a system that we defend we maintain
we built there's only so much that 12%
of the population can do without backup
without assistance they don't need a
leader we do we need to back their plays
and we need to make some of our own
because we can get it done a whole lot
faster because this is gonna happen we
are going to have to address the
original sin of the United States one of
them we're going to have to do it
otherwise it'll keep cycling back around
over and over again eventually the
changes will be made the only thing that
we're determining now is how long it
takes and how much injustice occurs
before they don't need a leader we do
I'm not be active in the comments
section today like I normally am because
even in the small tiny little town near
where I live there's a March today
and I'm going to be there to back their
play I'm gonna be there to be a witness
to history to see the turning point and
I'm gonna be there because black lives
matter anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good day